Why didn't Aunt Lin's surname Li come?
Does he have his own medication?
Say Cao Cao Cao Cao is here
Why are you here?
Isn't today Zhenzhen's birthday?
I'll pick you up
No need to go to dinner
My dad already celebrated my birthday
Don't worry about it.
What birthday can your dad give you?
Please eat the egg fried rice for 10 yuan.
That's better than your dinner party, too.
Children are not sensible, don't bother with them
Our advanced restaurant
You're not going anywhere today
Which way are brothers on?
I'm you, save it
Don't you have any idea?
Your Li Group is in our eyes
No face at all
Take the money away
Wait a minute I have money
How much do you want? I'll give it to you.
You let us go
Don't take out that little money
Get in the car, sister-in-law
Although the big brother told us not to be jealous
But
Don't make it difficult for us either.
Who is your brother?
You call my sister-in-law Niger Zhangye
Don't ask so much.
You will know when you go there.
His mom is awesome
He will come to save us
I'm afraid he won't come, hurry up